#How to use the benchmark scripts

##Directory structure
To simplify the benchmarking process, we recommand to create the following
directory structure (to ease the use of the different scripts) :

+ benchmark_files
|---+ results
    |---+ nb_stmts
    |---+ pluto
    |---+ runtime
|---+ source_files
|---+ scop_files
|---+ optimized_scops

 - The different subdirectories of the *results* directory are used to store the
 results of the different benchmark scripts
 - The *source_files* directory contains the different source files (.c and .h files)
 of the program that will be benchmark. polybench.c and polybench.h also need to be
 in this directory (for compilation purposes).
 - The *scop_files* contains the .scop files equivalent to the source of the benchmarked
 programs contained in *source_files*. You can generate the .scop file for every .c (except
 polybench.c) contained in a directory with _create_scops_from_source.sh_.
 - The *optimized_scops* directory will contains the .scop files optimized by substrate
 from the original .scop files inside *scop_files*. It will also contained the optimized
 source file produced by pluto from the original scops and the optimized ones.
 The optimized scop/source files will be sorted in this directory by profile type first,
 then minimal aggregation rate.

##Benchmark scrips
### Optimized scops generation and number of aggregated statement benchmark
Use *nb_stmts_benchmarks.py* to generate the optimized by substrate scop files and
to benchmark the number of statement aggregated.

Use *nb_stmts_plot_graphes.sh* to generate the gnuplot graphes from the results files
generated by *nb_stmts_benchmarks.py*.

### Optimized source code generation and pluto runtime benchmark
Use *pluto_optimization_benchmarks.py* to generate the optimized by pluto source files
from the optmized scop files and to benchmark the runtime of pluto.

Use *pluto_optimization_graphes.sh* to generate the gnuplot graphes from the results files
generated by *pluto_optimization_benchmarks.py*.

### Optimized program runtime benchmark
Use *runtime_benchmarks.py* to compile the optimized source files with gcc and benchmark
their runtime (and compare it their non-optimized version).

Use *runtime_plot_graphes.sh* to generate the gnuplot graphes from the results files
generated by *runtime_benchmarks.py*
